Questions regarding Uploaded Image Classification:

1. Did the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in gecko_02.jpg to be the same breed? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer:  gecko_02.jpg:
Real:gecko   
VGG_Classifier: banded gecko, gecko
ResNet_Classifier: african chameleon, chamaeleo chamaeleon
AlexNet Classifier: alligator lizard
 
 NO ,three models doesn't predicts the same breed althrough VGG classifier is near about the actual label but not the 100% correct



2. Did each of the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in gecko_02.jpg to be the same breed of dog as that model architecture classified gecko_80.jpg? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: Both the images actually of same breed is not predicted or classified of same breed here are the differences below.

gecko_02.jpg:
Real:gecko  
VGG_Classifier: banded gecko, gecko
ResNet_Classifier: african chameleon, chamaeleo chamaeleon
AlexNet_Classifier: alligator lizard

gecko_80.jpg:
Real:gecko   
VGG_Classifier: tailed frog, bell toad, ribbed toad, tailed toad, ascaphus trui
ResNet_Classifier: tailed frog, bell toad, ribbed toad, tailed toad, ascaphus trui
Alex_Net_Classifier: tailed frog, bell toad, ribbed toad, tailed toad, ascaphus trui


3. Did the three model architectures correctly classify Rabbit_002.jpg: and skunk_029.jpg to not be dogs? If not, report the misclassifications.

Answer: Yes all the three models accurately predict non dog images to not be a dogs and 75% accuracy of not-dog classification.
rabbit   Classifier: wood rabbit, cottontail, cottontail rabbit, rabbit
skunk   Classifier:     skunk, polecat, wood pussy

4. Based upon your answers for questions 1. - 3. above, select the model architecture that you feel did the best at classifying the four uploaded images. Describe why you selected that model architecture as the best on uploaded image classification.

Answer: VGG have best and most closest predicted label to the actual label so that's why performance metrics for the uploaded images, with a 40.0% overall match accuracy.
and also correctly identified not-dog images with 75.0% accuracy. So it might be choosen to predict for unseen images.
